this is another geek around players
today we are looking at the trophy for
what rabbit objects the requirements for
this escape 15 police scans we drive
from Brainerd docks through the loop and
up to the mad mile you're going to want
a performance car the key things to look
for here topic speed acceleration loop
and Wendell in order that one in I've
split that up obviously I wish you could
run that first in the game so you just
need to get to that sort of end of the
straight go to the highway here
t-intersection if you will get out start
some business doesn't have to have a
full ammo he's been doing this 15 times
an hour
and the three governor
there's at the end of this video I think
a the switching into a shotgun very
ineffectively but yeah just shoot it up
until someone starts calling the cops
let them call it and just start driving
down the highway so just drive north ear
from Brenna docks up through the loop
and then up to the Med mile at the end
and once you've got there the scans will
be complete you'll be safe at the scan
so one run
one of the scans you need to get 15 from
the trophy so just drive up to the other
end then you shoot people up there let
him call the cops
turn around drive straight back down
we're into repeat it's really
straightforward I've got some there's
the car
what is it comms jams thing you know
pull it up with the left eye huh good
driving pull it up with the left bumper
slip the jam coms
and then fire it off with the right
bumper you shouldn't need it really it's
more of an insurance policy in this one
but you'll see the longer you're in the
yellow circles there the higher the
percentage goes and gets 200% you fail
the cops
but driving this you really don't need
anything it's just Revere a bad draw
like man hit things that maybe you need
to jam that comes just to make sure you
don't get that little percent and end up
in a bat hole there it is one down
and then you know just like to get to
the NPA turn around
not a good to put this Bucky Carroll
would have parked it facing forward if I
had a thought about it some more
I'll take the extra money though thank
you and then yeah just start shooting
civilians once you drop the couple and
fired a couple rounds in the general
direction of others something for the
cops but with someone always called the
cops jump in your car and head back down
that's a pretty straight drive so I
think at one point here I end up on the
wrong side of the freeway or something
very foolish but you just draw a
straight back down as I said you don't
even really need the jam comes doesn't
hurt but yeah cool my ammo
pawn shop to sell you things then go to
a positive pharmacy oh this is the pawn
shop no electronic shop you can buy the
components to make the jams
you wouldn't even I filled up though
achievement before
you know escape a font level scan you do
that on the barge and not from the
freeway well are they driving a freeway
that I expect to be quite difficult
resist the og to get out and shoot girls
like that people just climb the game and
converter if you overshot that other
driver just cuz I think that's fair
well I also don't trigger any lots you
can maybe a trigger the traffic lights
in one direction they can still be a
pile up in that intersect
anyway better sorry
generating traffic lights even for self
symbolic
but that's it guys so that's two escapes
there you just go up and back really
rinse and repeat so just get out shoot
some people get my gun I'm just gonna
speed this up so you can see a couple
more runs but you know you get the idea
up and back up and back
see there are five offered jam coms just
because I wasn't driving very well to
follow up not growing very well
I do not recommend that
it's just that simple rise up and back
and up back I hope you enjoy this happy
at the turkey slash achievement
depending on your console of choice got
a couple of videos up on channel check
those ears you know have your life you
know whatever it's over good luck
getting the Platinum let drinking gain
the achievement trophy for drinking game
is really
we'll take the longest amount of time
and really get someone else to help you
because that makes it really easy but
that's it for that one they go the white
rabbit object is you